Although the lady said wait
It's impossible to leave alive
Death sooner or later is death
Why don't I give you a pain now, you guys?
Since you do it without authorization, it's not your nonsense
My master is drunk after killing you.
Stop, who told you to do it without authorization?
How is this kid still alive?
Answer my question first
Who let you make your own decisions?
He's a suspect in the neighborhood anyway
Kill it, forget it, don't make trouble
Miss Cai Zaizi
These palmistry of yours are not very obedient
Mr. Liao, please bear with me.
My brothers are reckless
It may hurt your wife
Ah that oh
Miss Nanako
Now that our misunderstanding has been cleared up
Then you can take your people away
I'll take them away
And how offended today
I will definitely compensate you another day.
You guys come with me now
They are not the target
Take revenge with me